 
Dear Paolo (and Liza),

I am enthusiast about your this, that extracts new insights from data
that would otherwise sit useless.

In agreement with my coauthors (Simona Gamba, Matteo Rizzolli,
Valentina Rotondi), I am sending you data from a couple of experiments
we ran respectively in 2017 and 2019: you can find it in this archive:
http://pietrobattiston.it/c/Metarisk.zip

In both experiments, risk was measured via the (non-incentivized)
responses to ten questions from a reduced version of the Domain-
Specific Risk-Taking (DOSPERT) Scale. See the included README files for
more details.

The results of the two experiments are reported in a same paper ("Lies
have long legs"), that you find included.

Data from the first experiment is also the basis of a book chapter
("What does a young cheater look like?") that you also find included.
Not sure it qualifies as "published paper" but I thought about
including it because risk variables take a slightly more central role
in it than in the actual paper.

This data is quite peculiar in that (as explained in the paper)
subjects were adolescents (typically 12-16 years).
Participants in the first experiment were members of scout groups, who
participated in the experiment during their summer camps.
Participants in the second experiment were school students, who
participated in the experiment during an hour of an otherwise normal
school day.

All participants were residents of the Trentino Alto Adige region, in
Italy.

Notice that we excluded from our analysis one pilot session and two
more sessions, one for each experiment. The details are in the README
files and in Appendix C of the paper.
You might or might not want to consider such data. The reasons that led
us to the exclusion (apart from the pilot session) had to do with the
composition of groups, which had a central role in the design but
potentially no influence on the risk variables.

Finally, we have another experiment (again with adolescent scouts)
where we asked only one risk-related question (translated from
Italian):

"From 0 to 10, do you generally accept taking risks, or do you try to
avoid them? [0 means that you try by all means to avoid them, 10 means
that you are definitely ready to take them]"

The related paper is currently under review; if despite the single risk
question the data is potentially interesting for the meta-analysis,
please let us know and we will contact you when it will be published.

Best regards,

Pietro Battiston
